From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number two Oh four.
Recorded live Tuesday, March 9th, 2010. Support
for Hanselman. It's just provided
by Tellerik our Ady controls,
the most comprehensive suite of
components for windows forums and
asp.net web applications online@wwwdottelerik.com. In
this episode, Scott talks with
social media consultant Leesburg. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman, and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And I'm sitting
down today with Liz .
Liz is a new media
consultant and entrepreneur and a
blogger, and I've actually met
Liz from Twitter. And I
thought it would be interesting
to bring her on the
show because most of us
who are listening are programmers
or people who were involved
in technology, but Liz is
involved in what is called
basically new media consultancy. Thank
you, Liz, for taking the
time to chat with me.
So you're a, you're a
new media consultant, or maybe
would you call yourself a
social media consultant? Well, social
media is definitely a part
of it. I do other
things. I mean, I used
to be a front end
developer and designer, and so
I kind of know how
to build a product from
concept to final product. And,
you know, I assist my
clients from, you know, their
ideas through the whole project
management aspect to final final
product. And so some of
that entails social media because
that's a little bit of
marketing and you know, other
things, I, you know, I,
I check code to see
if people are, if their
developers are building crappy code
or, you know, I do
a lot of QA work.
So I kind of do
a lot of different things.
So social media is different
part of it. Now you
went to MIT and you
have a background in what
MIT calls comparative media studies
did. Did did this comparative
media studies degree prepare you
for a job in new
media consultancy? I would say
yes. I mean the comparative
media studies program at MIT
used to be called film
and media studies. I'm going
to first back there and
then it kind of more
comparative. So there, I studied
things like music, film, television,
books, theater, all kinds of
things across the board. And
of course digital studies is
definitely an important part of
that. I'm feeling a little
old because we didn't talk
that much about the web.
When I was at MIT,
we were in the middle
of the first, the internet
boom or whatever. And so
social media things hadn't come
around. But what I liked
about my degree program and
a little bit why it
helps me today is that
my classes were all new
classes. You know, like the
classes that I took on
many of the classes that
I've attended around for very
long. And I love to
take all the new classes
that were there. And I
think in some ways that
helped keep me interested in,
you know, what's coming on
the horizon. And that's definitely
what I do today as
an immediate consultant. Things that
I tell my clients to
do today are not things
that I wouldn't have advised
them to do two or
three years ago. So, you
know, I think in some
ways that helps in other
ways, you don't necessarily need
a CMS degree from MIT.
Definitely not as so many
people who don't have any
type of background immune studies
who do this. So yeah,
Now I personally have have
MIT issues and mostly it's
envy. I visited MIT in
the early, early nineties and
decided that it wasn't for
me, but I think of
MIT as being somewhere with
a certain amount of rigidity.
And, you know, it has
a reputation of being, you
know, pretty hardcore and as
a person looking outside, you
know, looking into MIT, I
would think that there would
be a great deal of,
of formalism. And I guess,
you know, again, rigidity is
the word that comes to
mind. And I think of
people at MIT, you know,
programming and doing hard analytics.
So when I think of
something like a media studies
degree, and then applying that
to the field of new
media, it feels kind of
like what I call the
soft skills, as opposed to
the hard skills. Like you
can't compile a, a new
media program, a new media
PR plan and say, Oh
yeah, there are no errors.
This will run. Right. I
mean, I think a lot
of the stuff that I
learned in my degree program
was a lot of theory.
And I say that jokingly
is I have my master's
degree at USC. And so
I learned a lot of
theory in college, but I
didn't learn a lot of
things that I said apply
in terms, at least in
terms of new media and
the internet, I think. And
part of that has to
do, I think through my
own initiative, I just didn't
have a lot of initiative
when I was an undergrad,
because MIT was really hard.
And there were just so
many things. I mean, even
though I could kind of
what sounds like these flipped
classes, I, I started out
as a biology major and,
you know, I was doing
research in chemistry labs and
all kinds of stuff. And
every MIT student has to
go through a hard science
score. So I think for
me at the time, I
probably could've tried out some
things that were more application
heavy, but at the time
I was kind of, I
was a little bit all
over the place just because
I wanted to make sure
that science wasn't what I
wanted to do. And I
was definitely more into humanities
and history and social and
stuff like that Is, is
the, the formalism and the
hard science applied to social
media and new media. You
know, I kind of have
a heart issue with this
at times. Yes. There's of
course. I mean, I definitely
do lots of analytics and
closing reports with my clients
when we do campaign or
certain initiatives in terms of
looking at analytics. But at
the same time, I see
people who report these analytics
to, and I'm not necessarily
a hundred percent convinced that
they actually mean anything. It's
like, you know, so you
have a tweet that you
sent out that reached 120,000
people, 120,000 people actually read
that. And can you make
that analogous to 120,000 people
seeing your billboard, you know,
down the street. So, so
sure. There's definitely a way
to measure things, but in
terms of measuring how important
those things are to people
who see them would not
necessarily at that point yet
where we can make guarantees.
So that's one of the
things that I struggle with.
Cause my, in my job,
one of the things that
we track is how many
people that I, that I
touch on the people that
I come in contact with,
but it's difficult to measure
the quantity of that touch.
I mean, breadth is an
interesting measurement, but it's only
interesting for a few minutes
and it's really very superficial.
Right? Exactly. And I think,
you know, for me, that's
why I wanted to get
a master's I have a
master's degree from USC journalism
school and online communities. And
so that helps me in
the sense of learning, how,
how people measure things, if
I'm a quantity or qualitative
point of view. And, and
to some extent, I, I
like to, you know, of
course I have quantitative results,
but I also do qualitative
analysis of the, of the
data. And, you know, the
other issue I think is
that the medium changes so
fast. And so, you know,
Twitter has so many different
features now than it had
a year ago versus two
years ago. And it's like
the way people engage with
things on Twitter are constantly
changing. So you have to
change the way you measure
something qualitatively as well. Sometimes
when I think about a
new media consultant, I think
of like the preppy guy
that I didn't get along
with in high school. And
I always think about like,
you know, he had nicer
clothes and he would always
take his sweatshirt and like
wrap it around his waist.
And it seems like the
nerds became programmers and the
popular preppy people became new
media consultants. Right. I mean,
I honestly think that a
lot myself and it's strange
because I feel, you know,
myself clothing. I mean, I
definitely think some of that
is rampant on online at
least. But I think for
me, I just try to
keep, you know, I'm not
one of those people who
is, I guess, always campaigning
about myself because I don't
necessarily want to come off
as that person because I
see those people all the
time who are very good
at selling themselves, but don't
necessarily have any type of
hard skills that they learned
anywhere. And, you know, that's
fine. I'm not hating on
them, but I just don't
want to be perceived as
that person. So I'm very
careful about how I market
myself, what I say about
myself, because yeah, totally on
me, that person. Well, how
does one market themselves as
a, as a new media
consultant? I mean, I could
see if, if, if I'm
hiring you, I think, and
I don't know much about
social media that I would
go on Twitter and I
would say, well, Hey, Liz,
you only have 3000 followers.
You know, this other dude
has a, has 150,000. Maybe
I should go with that
guy. Right. I mean, I
often tell people if they
want to go with that
guy, then go with that
guy. But if you want
to talk to me and
I can tell you about
myself and that's perfectly fine,
I'm definitely, there's definitely enough
of us to go around.
I think a lot of
my clients that I have
have no idea like how
important Twitter is in that
sense. Like they might look
at followers as some of
them don't even get that
far. So we won't go,
I'll go to my profile.
I definitely don't always talk
about social media on the
profile, talks about some of
the random things, but then
they also don't understand that
someone with a hundred thousand
followers could have a hundred
thousand people who aren't listening
to them. And that, and
that I think happens a
lot on Twitter. You know,
everyone has a certain amount
of share of voice. And
so we don't even know
what those numbers are, you
know, so if I have
a hundred thousand followers, does
that mean that seven point
25% of them are listening
to me or, and you
know, is that person a
percentage smaller or larger than
the people that listened to
me? And then what's the
level of influence. And so,
you know, I think for
many of my clients, they're
not even on Twitter at
that point. And they come
to me to help them
get on Twitter. So when
a client comes to you,
what kind of problem do
they have and why isn't
a classic marketing PR firm
handling it? And what is
that problem they have? And
then how are you solving
it? Well, most of the
clients tend to be either
loggers or news and opinion
sites or people with small
businesses. So I have a
different range because when I
say bloggers, usually people will
have like 1.2 million pages
a day and it's a
blog, but it's a very
large blog or, you know,
it's a new site that
it's not just, you know,
two people working on a
website to have a whole
staff of like 15. So,
but then again, I have
like a small mom and
pop, you know, restoration company
in New Jersey who knows, who
knows nothing about the internet,
but they know that they
need a presence, but people
come to me either if
they need a new website
and they don't know where
to start, or they come
to me, if they have
a new website idea and
they have money, they don't
have a lot of money,
but they have, you know,
a considerable amount of money.
So, you know, I've worked
on sites that are costs
$300,000 to produce. And some
of my clients might have
that much money, but they
don't want to spend that
much money on a new
site. So then, you know,
they might have, let's say
$20,000 and they want to
stretch that as far as
they can. And I think
for me, most of the
time value is to get
a client the best that
they can for their money
because agencies have a lot
of overhead. And I think
sometimes they will charge you
a lot of money for,
you know, somewhat there'll be
beautiful sites, but they may
not be. So I said,
she can kick around or
that will be very lasting
or that has very strong
SEO. And I think for
me as a former front
end developer, I can look
at code and I can
tell, you know, this is
a very crappy code. Like
this isn't tables is horrible,
or, you know, I could
say, you know what? You
have way many did layers
in this, you know, on
your code and you need
to improve these and use
H one tags instead. And
so some of my clients
they'll often find freelance developers
because that's, what's cheaper for
them, but they don't necessarily
know if that freelance developer
is as good as the
money that they have for
them. So I kind of
come in and be like,
yes, this is the person,
no, this is a good
person. Or no, this is
a bad person. Or, you
know, I'll tell them, this
is, you need a person
with this type of skillset,
you know, as a server
admin. And that's kind of
like the flexibility and the
value that I have to
offer for many of my
clients. Do you find that
most of the social media
people that you bump into
and this in the circles
that you run in are
former developers? No, not at
all. Are they just smooth
talkers? I think they're smooth
talkers and you know what?
I definitely would admit that
I am not a smooth
talker and it's definitely one
of my faults. I think
I don't want to be
a super smooth talker, but,
you know, I don't think
I marked it myself as
well as I could. Part
of that might be because
I'm shy or I have
very high expectations for myself.
And I, you know, I
don't want to lie to
people and tell them something
that I'm not or something
that I'm not 120% sure
that I am. And so,
you know, I do find
that a lot of people
don't have any technical chops
and, you know, they're kind
of talking about a lot
of theory or regurgitating things
that they've read online and,
you know, it's not bad
to read online, but you
know, read what you see
online, but then also apply
that to, you know, what
you have to offer as
well. Don't just copy it
and then try to make
a quick buck off somebody.
So a shy social media
consultant, but I'm looking at
a picture of you on
stage at South, by Southwest
interactive on what looks like
a panel of some kind.
Yes, I was on a
panel last year where I
talked about can black bloggers
survive in the age of
Obama? The thing about me
is I also started blogging
really early and that's in
fall 2002 and it was
just kind of early for
most people. And that's actually
incidentally how I learned how
to code and also the
kind of stuff in the
turn into a hobby and
or career, et cetera, et
cetera. So black bloggers online
has definitely had a presence,
but a lot of times
I would say until maybe
the last few years, nobody
really paid attention to them.
So yeah, that was our
panel last year at South
by Southwest and I was
shy, then I'm going to
South by Southwest this week
and I will continue to
be shy. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman from another parallel
universe, got to tell you
about some of our things
our sponsors are doing. They
make this free podcast possible.
If you're developing a new
line of business application, you've
probably tried the latest version
of server light. Now you
can get even better results
by combining the functionality and
server Lite for beta, with
some of the richness or
the third party controls from
our friends at Tellerik, they're
the first vendors to offer
native support for the server
Lite for beta and their
rad controls. You've got a
new Silverlight for CTP suite
of these controls. They let
you tap into the frameworks,
great potential. You got native
right mouse click and all
the new features is server
line. There's 38 controls that
give you all these features.
You can start building those
compelling line of business applications
right away. I encourage you
to check those products out
at tellerik.com/server light, and, you
know, thank Tellerik for supporting
Don and rock supporting Hansel
minutes on their Facebook fan
page at facebook.com/tellerik. Now back
to the show. So what,
what is, what is South
by Southwest? I mean, everyone
I follow on Twitter is
going, people are asking me
why I'm not going, this
is a music festival that
turned into some kind of
a Scoble thing or what,
what are y'all doing? I
mean, I just don't get,
I just try to get
my head. I mean, I'm
having you on the show
so I can get my
sense about what are you
all doing down there? Yes.
Well, you know, I've been
reading about South by Southwest
interactive, probably for about five
years online. So all the
bloggers that I used to
love back in the day
used to go and they'd
have all these reports and
be like, Oh, I really
want to go back, man.
I wanted to go because
I was a developer and
a designer and they had
a lot of really good
panels from people that I
followed in the industry who
were on panels. And so
I thought it would be
great just to kind of
absorb the knowledge and I
liked going to conferences in
general. So originally my interest
came from that, but then
I saw kind of like
the black fathers that I
followed started talking about race
and identity and they had
panels at South by Southwest.
And so that was another
interesting thing for me as
well. So lately, I mean,
I kinda think of it
as like a nerd spring
break. And it's like, all
of your friends, you met
online over the past year
of the past few years
at South by Southwest. And
they say it's a big
time for networking and all
kinds of stuff. But me
being a shy person, I'm
not big on networking, but
I am big on connecting
with the people that I've
met online in real life.
In addition, you know, I
used to work for PDFs
station here in Los Angeles
and I've had a lot
of coworkers that I met
with my station as well
as PBS headquarters. And so
they come as well. And
so for me, it's a
great place to see old
coworkers people I went to
grad school with is all
of my new friends. And,
you know, honestly I wasn't
going to go this year
because I was kind of
a little annoyed with the
guy with the sweater, like
too cool. And I felt
that I didn't want to
see those people online all
the time. I didn't want
have to pay money to
see them in person, but,
you know, once I realized
that, you know, there's a
lot of people going every
year that I've met online,
I want to see those
people in person and it's
fun. It's fun to see
the panels. It's fun to
meet people and it's kind
of experience Austin. So One
of the things that you
brought up was that you
were, you were meeting black
bloggers and in your biracial
you're half black and half
Navajo, is that correct? And
one of the things, you
know, of course my wife
is, is black and I'm
steeped in black culture. And
I spend a lot of
time studying African American studies
in college. And that was
kind of the direction I
was going to go before
I went with a software
actually. But yeah, it was
just kind of, kind of
a whole other show. But
one of the things that
I don't think the average
white folks on Twitter understand
is that black people really
love social media. Like black
folks are 13 to 14%
of the population, but isn't
it, what are the stats
right now? It's like 30%
Really high. I mean, I'm
not really sure where they
all came from because when
I started online, it was
like the wild, wild West.
Like when I first started
my blog, I mainly sought
out people of color to
connect with because I didn't
have a lot of them
in my everyday life to
connect with. And the same
thing happened when I joined
Twitter in 2007, I mostly
followed black people because at
that time, the black people
on there were mostly tech
people like me. And so
it was great to connect
with people of similar career
or hobby interests that were
also of color just because
you're not used to seeing
them all the, you know,
in your everyday life. But
now it's very different. I
was reading this article and
ad AIDS a few weeks
ago and it was just
talking about how, not only
are black people, probably in
their twenties taking over Twitter,
but they happen to be
very good at internet means.
Cause you've seen those trending
topics. Well, this is the
thing. I mean, people don't
realize that the trending topics
appear to be pretty much
handled by young, predominantly black
plugged in people. I mean,
it's, it's, it's, I don't
think it's representative Mads is
the part I don't realize.
Right. I don't understand. Is
it representative of actual trending
topics or is it skewed
with a more, you know,
a more urban audience Probably
trending topics. But I think
that, I think that's what
the younger African-American demographic using
them. They're kind of obsessive
with it. Like if I
see a trending topic I'm
in general, I might tweet
about that topic three times
tops, you know, and I
may not even use a
hashtag, but I have definitely
friends in this demographic and
they will ride this hashtag
out. They will like produce
30 to 40 tweets about
this one topic in the
span of like five minutes.
So, you know, I think
they might be, you know,
a little bit more into
it, I think, than everyone
else. I think when turning
topics first came out, you
know, everyone was using it,
you know, just to weigh
in once or twice. But
I don't think that, I
don't know, like I said,
I think it's, this demographic
might be really into participating
in meme probably more so
than the average user for
a different type of trending
topics. You know? And I
think this thing about being
obsessive is a really interesting
thing because this is a
group of group of people.
And I don't mean black
folks, but I mean, obsessive
young people that I think
may not be served appropriately
by social media. And they're
there, there, I was going
to say abusing the system,
but they're, they're sitting on
the system. People let me
put it this way. People
think that I tweet way
too much. Like if you
asked my followers, they'd be
like, Scott, you have a
problem. Okay. But I started,
I don't know something like
may of 2007, I just
hit 20,000 tweets yesterday, 20,000,
you know? So I hit
20,000, right? I know people
on Twitter who are 60,
70, 80,000. And they started
last year. I know one
particular individual who I think,
you know, as well, who
has three or four accounts
so that when she is
limited, not by the API
count of Twitter, but by
Twitter saying you've tweeted too
much. She has what are
called jail accounts. So and
so in jail. So, and
so's lawyer. So, and so
his lawyer in jail and
she asks her followers to
follow these other people so
that when Twitter shuts her
down again, not from API
calls, this is a different
limit. This is the too
many tweets, too fast that
you follow her additional. And
this is not just one
individual. This is becoming a
thing. People are using Twitter
as IRC, right? This is
chat and they don't realize,
and I think it may
be these obsessive individuals who
are making the realtime search
of Twitter pretty much useless
because it's pretty high, high
noise, low signal. What, what
do you think? I think
that, well, I think one
of the great things about
social media is that, and
part of it is also
applied to the internet is
that there are no rules
that come in. And so
the limits, your limits are
pretty much as limiting as
the application can be, or
in the case of your
example of the girl with
multiple or the person with
multiple accounts as limiting as
your imagination can be. And
so, you know, of course
that definitely that type of
behavior to me is useless,
but they find value in
it somehow. And I have
a friend who, you know,
who is of this demographic
and I have her going
to my phone. Cause I
only have certain amount of
people whose tweets go to
my phone as a text
message. And I swear when
she gets on, I have
to go on and put
her on pause because she
will just run up my
whole text, my phone for
the next 30 minutes. And
it's great. I love her.
I, so I'm not going
to unfollow her, but I
can imagine if I was
following like 50 people, just
like her, it would drive
me insane. So when we,
when we're trying, when it's,
when it comes time to,
to market to someone who's
that savvy, is it, is
it even possible? I mean,
this is the thing you're
supposed to go out as
a consultant and think about
new ways to effectively either
sell to or message, you
know, the, the masses, but
the masses are incredibly sophisticated
and, and something that you
used once may never work
again. Right. You know, I
think part of what I
have to do and, and
this isn't even like billable
time, but things that I
do is I have to
stay on top of how
the market is changing. And
what's changing about features on
whatever site, whether that's Facebook
and their privacy controls or
Twitter, and, you know, the
API changes, I think, you
know, so anyone who's a
new media consultant. Now, if
they're not on top of
their game, they can't necessarily
stay new media consultant for
many years just because, unless
I was doing something to
stay on top of their
game, I think, I think
you also have to stay
on top of what, you
know, how people are using
it. And so that demographic
that we're just talking about,
one of my clients totally
feeds off of that demographic.
And so for me, it's
great because you know, I've
had this client for about
two years now and I'd
say about two years ago,
they weren't even thinking about
Twitter at all. So if
I had tried to pitch
them a Twitter strategy, they
would have been like, Oh,
well, I don't want to
devote any resources to that
right now, my demographics mess
there, but now the totally
on top of it. And
I'm totally getting more business
from them across many of
their sites because they're like
no need to tap into
that demographic ASAP. But you
know, I can't control whether
or not, you know, tomorrow
they decide or, you know,
this demographic moves on to
another, another side that I
have to control them from
there. I was reading on
your blog that you had
noticed something that the actor
and singer Tyrese had done.
And you, you kind of
juxtaposed his initial kind of
pathetic attempt at Twitter to
something that he'd done kind
of recently. Could you talk
a little bit about how,
how he has learned how
to use Twitter and what
you think about that? Yeah.
Okay. So I see me
about a year, a year
and a half ago. I
can't remember, but I was
following MC hammer and his
time I saw Tyrese jump
onto empty Hammer's Twitter account
and say follow Tyrese right
now. And at the time
I was like, you know,
I like retirees. I like
his music, but I don't
like, he sounds like a
jerk coming on MC hammer
account and demanding people to
follow him. It was just
very odd. And so I
test that as Twitter for
you. And it wasn't that
exciting either. So I decided
not to follow him, you
know, I might check in
on people every now and
then, but I wasn't going
to follow him continually. So
I've realized a few weeks
ago I was reading one
of the popular gossip blogs,
and they had mentioned that
he had done a Valentine's
day Twitter campaign. And so
I checked it out and
it was one of them
like most interesting campaigns that's
probably seen from, I'd say
this circle, what Tyrese did
is he had a Valentine's
day contest where he wanted
people to nominate single mothers
who were in the LA
area for Valentine's day Z.
And I think he ran
this for a few days
on, on his Twitter account.
And he had a few,
he had 1100 single mothers
who were entered into the
contest and he picked 14
of them and he brought
them to this day slot
in Beverly Hills and, you
know, just treated them to
a nice day of spa
stuff like massages and pedicures
and stuff. And he videotaped
the whole thing and, you
know, had it, cut it
and put it on YouTube.
And, you know, I thought
it was a really good
example of how someone could
really run a strong Twitter
contest. You know, even though
it 1100 people were participating,
I don't know how many
followers he had, but people
were definitely reading about this.
And I thought, what was
great is that it didn't
feel like he was selling
anything. Like he, wasn't trying
to get people to go
to this spa from the
video, you kinda get the
impression that he paid for
this. So it wasn't also
that he had some sort
of deal with a spa.
Cause usually when you see
something like this online, it's,
you know, some brand or
some company cutting people with
deal to create this campaign.
And, you know, it's a
pony and pony show, but,
you know, he was just
being a nice person and,
you know, I thought that
was great. He was just
being himself. And for me
that felt like, you know
what, I might want to
follow him now. He seems
like, you know, not a
jerk. Like I first had
the impression of him and,
you know, he seems interested
in trying to help people
out, but yeah, very good
job. That was his goal.
Then that as a personality,
as a, as an actor
and as, as, as a
singer, his goal is to
engender good feelings and like
what he is selling is
himself. So now that you've
slightly changed your opinion of
Tyrese as being kind of
a pompous jerk. And I
know that was very nice,
you know, that, that, that
he has officially sold you
something. Yeah. Yeah. And I
mean, I really like five,
so I might check out
this place that I went
to, I had to like
rewind, rewind the tape to
get the names. He didn't
even pop the name of
the spot. The other thing
is that, you know, tidy
is like the good looking
singer slash actor. So of
course he wants to like,
you know, play to the
ladies a little bit. So
I think he was, you
know, he wasn't like giving
free dates to men or
anything like that, or, you
know, it was definitely kind
of to get women in
their soft spots. And so
I think that's part of
his brand in general. So
without having to sell me
some brand outright, he definitely
sold me on Tyrese, the
person who is good for
women. Do you think that
there is a Lezberger who
is working for Tyrese who
made that decision or did
you think Tyree stumbled on
this himself? Yeah, I think,
I think it might be
a mixture. And, and what
I've been seeing with celebrities
online, at least Africana, urban
African-American urban celebrities is that
they have these interesting ideas.
They don't necessarily have all
the tools to put everything
together. So I think, you
know, Tyrese in general, like
his episode was the MC
hammer thing. I think he
was interested in Twitter. He
just didn't know exactly what
he needed to do. It's
kind of not appear to
be a jerk. And so
he either he learned over
time, you know, what was
the right thing to do?
Or he had someone clue
him in someone like me
who would clue him in,
on what to do. And
so it was the same
thing. I think a lot
of these types of celebrities
have someone who's like the
nerd of the group. It
might just be their friend.
Who's kind of like, you
know, puts on the social
media, new media, consultancy hat
and helps them, you know,
put the pieces together. But
I think to me, it
seemed like he had this
idea of his own and
then had people kind of
help him put it together.
I just don't know how
he would put together. Like
who's reading all these entries
and emails. And, and so
for me, that's something that
I do for my clients.
Like they have a cool
contest idea. I'm the one
who like pints through all
the entries and then finds
the winner, you know, but
I don't think Paris is
doing that whole process, but
there's someone that definitely helping
him out. It's amazing to
me that somebody with a
couple of million bucks in
the bank probably has a,
like you said, nerd of
the entourage, right. You know,
he's got like bridges and.com
and he says, hey.com. Let's
put together a contest. That'd
be, that'd be great idea.
You know, you think you
would be much more polished,
but it is pretty sloppy
to say, to say the
least, even with top level
stars. Yeah, I think so.
And the other thing is
that it's very experimental and,
you know, to be honest,
I run contests and social
media initiatives with my clients
and I'm learning as I
go along because I can
definitely make the best educated
guess as possible just because
of what, you know, my
training and my experience. But,
you know, I don't run
the same contest every single
time. I definitely don't run
the same type of contest
with the, with different clients.
Or even if I devise
a true Twitter strategy, I
don't devise the same type
of Twitter strategy across all
clientele because they have different
needs. They have different types
of budgets or they have
different, you know, different goals
or they have different staff
resources. So, you know, you
have to be flexible, but
then you also have to
realize that it's, it's a
learning process as well. And
you know, I did at
least make sure that my
clients know that going in
Well, thanks so much Liz
bur for sitting down and
chatting with me about social
media and what it means
to be a new media
consultant. I really appreciate your
time. Sure. Thanks for having
me. This is great Follow
Liz on Twitter at twitter.com/cali
native and her blog is
Liz Berg, R r.com. And
I'll put all of those
in the show notes on
the site. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes,
and I'll see you again
next week.